Game Being Tested: BlackJack
Dev Team: Samuel, Jessica, Karan, Maxwell - mcnoffersinger/BlackJack
QA Team: Christopher, Afton, Angel, Marcus
Date: 2/10/2026

Game Type: Card game

Core Mechanics:
Player can Stand or Hit each round to play BlackJack
Full Deck of cards is simulated to correctly deal random cards
Player can customize their bet at the start of each round
Pygame visuals (if we can get it to work)
Player can select AI difficulty and unlock extra cards by playing rounds.
Russian roulette mode

Win Condition: 
If the user gets a hand with the value of 21
If the user gets a hand with a value higher than the dealer but not over 21
The player gains the amount of money they bet and can play again
Lose Condition: 
If the user gets a hand over the value of 21
If the player gets a hand with a value lower than the dealer and the dealer's value is not over 21
The player loses the amount of money they bet and are shown the loss screen.

Player Inputs: User will only use their mouse clicker to make descisions during the game.

Testing Strategy
Tuesday: 
Goal: Define all probable bugs, Test three bugs then move on so we can get to the other games
Test Scenarios: 
No check to prohibit bets if you have no money
No money makes the minus button add $10 to bet.
Spamming the hit or stand button when in Russian mode closes the game
Known: issue found today:
When you have no money you can still bet.
When you have no money clicking the minus on bet sets the bet to $10 thus increasing the bet. After this clicking the plus button reverts the bet back to $0 thus decreasing the bet.
Selecting Russian mode and spamming the hit or stand button causes the game to close. This soft-locks you.

Wednesday:
Goal:
Test Scenarios: 
Known Issues:

Thursday:
Goal: 
Test Scenarios:
Known Issues:

Friday:
Goal:
Test Scenarios:
Known Issues:

Bug Categories
By Severity
By Type

Summary Table
( Have to insert an image)

Notes
Testing Environment: Pygame
Any blockers or issues with the game code itself? [If the game won't run, note it here]
Assumptions: [Anything unclear about how the game should work? Note it for the dev team]

Recommendations for Dev Team
Critical bugs to fix first:
Betting on Russian mode soft locks you, as any repeated input will crash the game.

High-priority fixes:

Nice-to-have fixes: [Lower priority issues]
Make it so you can’t bet money you don't have.
Make it so that when you have no money, you can’t set the bet to $10 by clicking the minus bet button.

Testing completed by: Christopher Markham

Date submitted: 2/13/2025
